this is mark with productivity 501 I
wanted to do a brief video of here
showing you how i use folder templates
so in this example I've got a folder
called clients and in that I've got a
client one and after I've worked with
this for a while I've kind of got a
standard set up of what I won't meet in
all my client folders so what I will do
is I will take that and create a folder
called Z underscore template and create
all the structure that I that I need for
future clients the reason I call it Z
underscore template is that keeps it
sorted at the bottom of my list so it
doesn't clutter anything up also if you
notice the folders I've created I begin
with an underscore that keeps them at
the top of the list in my client folders
so this can be as many level deep in as
many levels deep as you need so here
under the template I have a notes folder
and in that folder I've got maybe
something called access info which is a
text file that may be as information
about URLs and things I need to access
the system if i go to contract I've got
my contract template set up there and I
could have other folders and stuff here
this guy's simple just for an example so
when I go to create another client all I
do is I take my template folder and copy
it and then rename it
and now I have my client one my client
too and it's all set up for my standard
set up for a client and then if I need
to create new folders i can create them
here as well now one of the big
advantages of this isn't so much just
that I don't have to create all these
folders from from scratch there's two
really big advantages one is whenever I
need to save a piece of information I've
already got a structure in place or a
place to put that information and I'm
not trying to create a new folder to put
it in or worse just putting it in kind
of the top level for that client the
other big advantage is when it comes to
look for information it's very easy to
find because everything for each client
is in the same place and as I work with
clients if I discover that there's
another particular type of Boulder that
that I mean very commonly I'll just add
it to my template and then it's their
next time I create a client so this type
of structure can be used for I'm showing
you here being used for clients you can
use something similar for any time that
you need a lot of folders that are very
similar in the way there that they're
set up and you want to have the same
structure it's a very small thing but it
can save you a lot of time if you apply
this to to your desktop organization